capital = 48

# Vacant
recruit_character = BUL_Generic_Vacant



# Characters

recruit_character = BUL_Boris_III
recruit_character = BUL_Simeon_II
recruit_character = BUL_Todor_Zhivkov
recruit_character = BUL_Nikola_Petkov
recruit_character = BUL_Petar_Dertliev
recruit_character = BUL_Disorganized
recruit_character = BUL_Kimon_Georgiev
recruit_character = BUL_Hristo_Stoykov
recruit_character = BUL_Todor_Zhekov
recruit_character = BUL_Asen_Kantardzhiev
recruit_character = BUL_Konstantin_Partov
recruit_character = BUL_Stanislav_Balan
recruit_character = BUL_Petar_Aladzhov
recruit_character = BUL_Vasil_Boydev
recruit_character = BUL_Konstantin_Stoyanov
recruit_character = BUL_Stefan_Klechkov
recruit_character = BUL_Vladimir_Stoychev
recruit_character = BUL_Ivan_Dochev
recruit_character = BUL_Ilya_Minev
recruit_character = BUL_Dimitar_Valchev
recruit_character = BUL_Lyuben_Kostov
recruit_character = BUL_Petar_Gabrovski
recruit_character = BUL_Ivan_Gyoshev
recruit_character = BUL_Alexandar_Belev
recruit_character = BUL_Zmey_Goryanin
recruit_character = BUL_Dimitar_Peshev
recruit_character = BUL_Petar_Uvaliev
recruit_character = BUL_Jordan_Sevov
recruit_character = BUL_Stefan_Popov
recruit_character = BUL_Rafail_Zhechev
recruit_character = BUL_Stefan_Savov
recruit_character = BUL_Stancho_Chokalov
recruit_character = BUL_Dimo_Kamasov
recruit_character = BUL_Gavril_Genov
recruit_character = BUL_Krum_Lekarski
recruit_character = BUL_Georgi_Mihov_Dimitrov
recruit_character = BUL_Tsenko_Barev
recruit_character = BUL_Milan_Drenchev
recruit_character = BUL_Borislav_Baychev
recruit_character = BUL_Stanko_Todorov
recruit_character = BUL_Petar_Mladenov
recruit_character = BUL_Alexandar_Lilov
recruit_character = BUL_Dobri_Dzhurov
recruit_character = BUL_Nikola_Geshev

BUL_Kimon_Georgiev = {
	promote_character = paternalism_left_wing_corporatism_subtype
}

oob = "BUL_1962"
set_air_oob = "BUL_1962_air"

add_ideas = {
	Pakt_Mitstreiter
	
	BUL_Konstantin_Partov_hog
	BUL_Stanislav_Balan_for
	BUL_Petar_Aladzhov_eco
	BUL_Vasil_Boydev_sec
	
	BUL_rusting_sword_of_damocles
	BUL_king_of_rubies_without_shine
	BUL_empires_cradle_now_a_grave
	BUL_endless_roots_of_radicals

	### POLITICAL LAWS ###
	tno_political_parties_one_party_state
	tno_religious_rights_state_religion
	tno_trade_unions_illegal
	tno_immigration_open_immigration
	tno_slavery_penal_labor
	tno_public_meetings_regulated
	tno_press_rights_censored_press
	tno_vote_franchise_no_voting

	### MILITARY LAWS ###
	tno_conscription_broadened_conscription
	tno_military_supervision_no_supervision
	tno_training_basic_training
	tno_draft_exemptions_none

	### SOCIAL LAWS ###
	tno_health_care_support_for_emergencies
	tno_education_stratified_education
	tno_penal_system_harsh_penal_code
	tno_gender_rights_traditional_roles
	tno_security_regulated_police
	tno_regulations_token_regulations

	### ECONOMIC LAWS ###
	tno_trade_laws_limited_exports
	tno_income_taxation_tax_havens
	tno_minimum_wage_trinket_minimum_wage
	tno_max_workhours_12_hour_work_day
	tno_pensions_trinket_pensions
	tno_unemployment_trinket_subsidies

	### MISC LAWS ###
	tno_pollution_few_regulations
	tno_safety_minimal_regulations
	tno_child_labor_illegal
	tno_refugees_vetted_entry
	tno_racial_integration_segregated_regiments
	tno_women_banned
	tno_minorities_segregation
	tno_lgbt_rights_lgbt_outlawed

	### SOCIETAL DEVELOPMENT ###
	tno_army_professionalism_disgruntled_veterans
	tno_industrial_expertise_nascent
	tno_industrial_equipment_power_tools
	tno_healthcare_nascent
	tno_agriculture_basic_mechanized
	tno_research_facilities_outdated
	tno_academic_base_basic_literacy
	tno_admin_efficiency_deficient_administrative_systems
}

set_research_slots = 3

set_technology = {
	basic_train = 1

	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	
	transport = 1
	basic_infantry_equipment = 1
	infantry_weapons_1 = 1
	night_vision_1 = 1
	
	infantry_kit_1 = 1
	infantry_weapons_2 = 1
	night_vision_2 = 1
	infantry_kit_2 = 1
	motorized_infantry = 1
	motorized_infantry_1 = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	IFV_1945 = 1
	MBT_1945 = 1
	artillery_1945 = 1
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	radio = 1
	building_construction_1 = 1
	administration_construction_1 = 1
	
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = despotism
	last_election = "1931.6.21"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	communist = 5
	socialist = 7
	progressivism = 3
	paternalism = 13
	despotism = 55
	fascism = 12
	national_socialism = 5
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		early_ship_hull_very_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_very_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_more_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_more_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		smoke_generator = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		sonar = 1
		improved_sonar = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
		basic_ship_hull_carrier = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		magnetic_detonator = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_heavy_battery = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		damage_control_1 = 1
		fire_control_methods_1 = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
	}
	set_naval_oob = BUL_mtg_navy_1962
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Zerstörer 1944"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = GER_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_1
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = ship_radar_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_2
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Zerstörer 1950"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = GER_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_2
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = ship_radar_2
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_2
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Type XXI-Class"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = GER_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
		}
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		ww2_destroyer = 1
		ww2_cruiser = 1
		ww2_battleship = 1
		ww2_submarine = 1
		ww2_carrier = 1
	}
	set_naval_oob = BUL_navy_1962
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Zerstörer 1944"
		type = destroyer_1
		name_group = GER_DD_HISTORICAL
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Zerstörer 1950"
		type = destroyer_1
		name_group = GER_DD_HISTORICAL
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Type XXI-Class"
		type = submarine_1
		name_group = GER_SS_HISTORICAL
	}
}
