capital = 827

# Vacant
recruit_character = EWE_Generic_Vacant

recruit_character = EWE_Komla_Agbeli_Gbedemah
recruit_character = EWE_Edward_Akufo_Addo
recruit_character = EWE_Ebenezer_Ako_Adjei
recruit_character = EWE_Emmanuel_Obetsebi_Lamptey
recruit_character = EWE_Ignatius_Kutu_Acheampong
recruit_character = EWE_Kwame_Nkrumah
recruit_character = EWE_Sylvanus_Olympio
recruit_character = EWE_Nicolas_Grunitzky
recruit_character = EWE_Fred_Akuffo
recruit_character = EWE_Gnassingbe_Eyadema
recruit_character = EWE_Emmanuel_Bodjolle
recruit_character = EWE_Kleber_Dadjo
recruit_character = EWE_Joseph_Arthur_Ankrah
recruit_character = EWE_Akwasi_Afrifa
recruit_character = EWE_Albert_Kwesi_Ocran
recruit_character = EWE_Emmanuel_Kwasi_Kotoka
recruit_character = EWE_Joy_K_Amedume
recruit_character = EWE_Chemogoh_Kevin_Dzang
recruit_character = EWE_David_Animle_Hansen


#econtype
set_variable = { TNO_economy_subtype = token:Econ_Subtype_Dirigisme }
set_variable = { TNO_economy_type = token:Econ_Type_Corporatism }

add_ideas = {
### POLITICAL LAWS ###
	tno_political_parties_one_party_state
	tno_religious_rights_state_religion
	tno_trade_unions_illegal
	tno_immigration_open_immigration
	tno_slavery_penal_labor
	tno_public_meetings_regulated
	tno_press_rights_censored_press
	tno_vote_franchise_no_voting

	### MILITARY LAWS ###
	tno_conscription_broadened_conscription
	tno_military_supervision_no_supervision
	tno_training_basic_training
	tno_draft_exemptions_none

	### SOCIAL LAWS ###
	tno_health_care_support_for_emergencies
	tno_education_stratified_education
	tno_penal_system_harsh_penal_code
	tno_gender_rights_traditional_roles
	tno_security_regulated_police
	tno_regulations_token_regulations

	### ECONOMIC LAWS ###
	tno_trade_laws_limited_exports
	tno_income_taxation_tax_havens
	tno_minimum_wage_trinket_minimum_wage
	tno_max_workhours_12_hour_work_day
	tno_pensions_trinket_pensions
	tno_unemployment_trinket_subsidies

	### MISC LAWS ###
	tno_pollution_few_regulations
	tno_safety_minimal_regulations
	tno_child_labor_illegal
	tno_refugees_vetted_entry
	tno_racial_integration_segregated_regiments
	tno_women_banned
	tno_minorities_segregation
	tno_lgbt_rights_lgbt_outlawed

	### SOCIETAL DEVELOPMENT ###
	tno_army_professionalism_political_interference
	tno_industrial_expertise_nascent
	tno_industrial_equipment_power_tools
	tno_healthcare_rudimentary
	tno_agriculture_basic_mechanized
	tno_research_facilities_outdated
	tno_academic_base_basic_literacy
	tno_admin_efficiency_deficient_administrative_systems
}

set_technology = {
	basic_train = 1

	# Infantry
	infantry_weapons_1 = 1
	night_vision_1 = 1
	
	infantry_kit_1 = 1
	infantry_weapons_2 = 1
	night_vision_2 = 1
	infantry_kit_2 = 1
	infantry_weapons_improvements_mine_1 = 1
	infantry_kit_3 = 1
	infantry_weapons_improvements_ammo_1 = 1
	infantry_weapons_improvements_grenade_1 = 1
	#
	basic_infantry_equipment = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	infantry_at = 1
	infantry_at_upgrade_1 = 1
	motorized_infantry = 1
	#infantry_aa = 1
	#infantry_aa2 = 1

	# Support
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	assault_weapons_1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_recon2 = 1

	# Artillery
	artillery_1945 = 1
	antiair_1945 = 1

	# Armor
	IFV_1945 = 1
	MBT_1945 = 1
	APC_1945 = 1

	APC_1950 = 1
	APC_1950_basic_turret = 1
	#APC_1950_basic_engine = 1

	IFV_1950 = 1
	
	MBT_1950 = 1

	AC_1945 = 1
	AC_1950 = 1

	# Aircraft
	early_fighter = 1
	fighter_1945 = 1
	interceptor_1945 = 1
	CAS_1945 = 1

	# Heavy Aircraft
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	heavy_air_1945 = 1
	tac_bomber1 = 1
	tac_air_1945 = 1
	transport_air1 = 1
	transport_air_1945 = 1

	# Engineering
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	radio = 1
	mechanical_computing = 1
	computing_machine = 1
	basic_encryption = 1
	basic_decryption = 1

	# Industry
	ww2_line_production = 1
	building_construction_1 = 1
	energy_technology_1 = 1
	social_construction_1 = 1
	administration_construction_1 = 1
	military_construction_1 = 1
	resource_extraction_methods = 1

	# Doctrine
	strategic_theorem = 1

	air_superiority = 1

	green_water_navy = 1
}

set_major = yes

add_ideas = {
	WEST_AFRICA_idea_terror_bombing
	#EWE_idea_language_barrier
	EWE_idea_bloated_high_command

	EWE_Edward_Akufo_Addo_hog
	EWE_Ebenezer_Ako_Adjei_for
	EWE_Emmanuel_Obetsebi_Lamptey_eco
	EWE_Ignatius_Kutu_Acheampong_sec
}

oob = "EWE_1962"

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = paternalism
	last_election = "1931.1.1"
	election_frequency = 96
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	communist = 0
	ultranationalism = 0
	socialist = 0
	progressivism = 0
	liberalism = 0

	conservatism = 4
	paternalism = 68
	despotism = 15
	fascism = 13
	
}
