capital = 111

oob = "FIN_1962"
set_air_oob = "FIN_1962_air"

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = paternalism
	last_election = "1960.7.2"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
	communist = 5
	socialist = 6
	progressivism = 30
	liberalism = 9
	liberal_conservatism = 23
	conservatism = 4
	paternalism = 16
	despotism = 0
	fascism = 7
	national_socialism = 0
	ultranationalism = 0
}

# Vacant
recruit_character = FIN_Generic_Vacant

# Country leaders
recruit_character = FIN_Juha_Rihtniemi
recruit_character = FIN_Karl_August_Fagerholm
recruit_character = FIN_Lauri_Torni
recruit_character = FIN_Kauno_Kleemola
recruit_character = FIN_Johannes_Virolainen
recruit_character = FIN_Elias_Simojoki
recruit_character = FIN_Vieno_Johannes_Sukselainen
recruit_character = FIN_Matti_Virkkunen

# Ministers

# Prime Ministers
recruit_character = FIN_Niilo_Kosola
recruit_character = FIN_Erkki_Lindfors
recruit_character = FIN_Johan_Otto_Soderhjelm
recruit_character = FIN_Veikko_Vennamo
recruit_character = FIN_Tuure_Junnila
recruit_character = FIN_Arvo_Salminen
recruit_character = FIN_Veikko_Pihlajamaki
recruit_character = FIN_Marjatta_Vaananen
recruit_character = FIN_Ensio_Kytomaa
recruit_character = FIN_Paavo_Susitaival
recruit_character = FIN_Kullervo_Rainio
recruit_character = FIN_Jan_Magnus_Jansson
recruit_character = FIN_Aarne_Saarinen
recruit_character = FIN_Teuvo_Aura
recruit_character = FIN_Eero_Lattula
recruit_character = FIN_Taisto_Tahkamaa
recruit_character = FIN_Pirkko_Tyolajarvi
recruit_character = FIN_Teo_Snellman
recruit_character = FIN_Olavi_Borg
recruit_character = FIN_Carl_Olaf_Talgren

recruit_character = FIN_Martti_Miettunen
recruit_character = FIN_Mauno_Koivisto
recruit_character = FIN_Arvo_Pentti
recruit_character = FIN_Ahti_Karjalainen
recruit_character = FIN_Mauno_Jussila
recruit_character = FIN_Rafael_Paasio
recruit_character = FIN_Sulo_Suorttanen
recruit_character = FIN_Paivio_Hetemaki
recruit_character = FIN_Osmo_P_Karttunen
recruit_character = FIN_Kaarlo_Leinonen
recruit_character = FIN_Paavo_Talvela
recruit_character = FIN_Rolf_Nevanlinna
recruit_character = FIN_Bruno_Salmiala
recruit_character = FIN_Asko_Ivalo
recruit_character = FIN_Pekka_Malinen

# Generals
recruit_character = FIN_Kaarlo_Olavi_Leinonen
recruit_character = FIN_Yrjo_Ilmari_Keinonen
recruit_character = FIN_Armas_Eino_Martola
recruit_character = FIN_Sakari_Simelius
recruit_character = FIN_Ensio_Siilasvuo
recruit_character = FIN_Adolf_Ehrnrooth


add_ideas = {
	#Faction Status
	Pakt_Observer

	### Ideas ###
	FIN_An_Unsatisfactory_Answer
	FIN_Second_Crisis_Of_Democracy
	FIN_The_Growth_Regime

	### Ministers ###
	FIN_Johannes_Virolainen_hog
	FIN_Asko_Ivalo_for
	FIN_Paivio_Hetemaki_eco
	FIN_Pekka_Malinen_sec

	##POLITICAL LAWS##
	tno_political_parties_multiparty_system
	tno_religious_rights_secularism
	tno_trade_unions_nonsocialist_allowed
	tno_immigration_quota_immigration
	tno_slavery_work_programs
	tno_public_meetings_allowed
	tno_press_rights_free_press
	tno_vote_franchise_universal

	##MILITARY LAWS###
	tno_conscription_broadened_conscription
	tno_military_supervision_rules_of_engagement
	tno_training_basic_training
	tno_draft_exemptions_educational_deferment

	##SOCIAL LAWS##
	tno_health_care_universal_health_care
	tno_education_free_education
	tno_penal_system_incarceration
	tno_gender_rights_women_in_the_workplace
	tno_security_regulated_police
	tno_regulations_strict_regulations

	##ECONOMIC LAWS##
	tno_trade_laws_export_focus
	tno_income_taxation_flat_taxes
	tno_minimum_wage_acceptable_minimum
	tno_max_workhours_8_hour_work_day
	tno_pensions_acceptable_pensions
	tno_unemployment_moderate_subsidies

	##MISC LAWS##
	tno_refugees_vetted_entry
	tno_women_noncombat_only
	tno_racial_integration_integrated_military
	tno_safety_excellent_regulations
	tno_pollution_few_regulations
	tno_lgbt_rights_lgbt_outlawed
	tno_minorities_institutional_discrimination
	tno_child_labor_illegal
	
	##SOCIETAL DEVELOPMENT##
	tno_army_professionalism_political_interference
	tno_industrial_expertise_experienced
	tno_industrial_equipment_modern
	tno_healthcare_developed
	tno_agriculture_mass_mechanized
	tno_research_facilities_outdated
	tno_academic_base_secondary_schooling
	tno_admin_efficiency_deficient_administrative_systems
}

set_research_slots = 4

set_technology = {
	basic_train = 1

	##INFANTRY##
	# infantry_equipment_0 = 1
	infantry_weapons_1 = 1
	night_vision_1 = 1
	
	infantry_kit_1 = 1
	infantry_weapons_2 = 1
	night_vision_2 = 1
	infantry_kit_2 = 1
	infantry_weapons_improvements_mine_1 = 1
	infantry_kit_3 = 1
	infantry_weapons_improvements_ammo_1 = 1
	infantry_weapons_improvements_grenade_1 = 1
	#
	infantry_weapons_3 = 1
	night_vision_3 = 1
	infantry_kit_4 = 1
	basic_infantry_equipment = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	support_weapons_hmg_1 = 1
	combat_support_equipment_1 = 1
	
	support_weapons_arty_1 = 1
	infantry_at = 1
	infantry_at_upgrade_1 = 1
	
	motorized_infantry = 1
	motorized_rocket_unit = 1
	motorized_infantry_1 = 1
	marines = 1
	#
	tech_special_forces = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	#
	paratroopers = 1

	##SUPPORT##
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	assault_weapons_1 = 1
	tech_engineers2 = 1
	assault_weapons_2 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_field_hospital2 = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1

	##ARMOR##

	##LAND DOCTRINE##
	strategic_theorem = 1

	##NAVAL DOCTRINE##

	##HELICOPTERS##
	helicopter_engines = 1
	very_early_helicopter = 1
	early_helicopter = 1
	transport_helicopter_1960 = 1
	attack_helicopter_1960 = 1

	##LIGHT AIR##
	early_fighter = 1
	interceptor_1945 = 1
	interceptor_1950 = 1
	fighter_1945 = 1
	fighter_1950 = 1
	CAS_1945 = 1
	CAS_1950 = 1

	##HEAVY AIR##
	tac_bomber1 = 1
	tac_air_1945 = 1
	tac_air_1950 = 1
	tac_air_1960 = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	heavy_air_1945 = 1
	heavy_air_1950 = 1
	heavy_air_1960 = 1
	transport_air1 = 1
	transport_air_1945 = 1
	transport_air_1950 = 1
	transport_air_1960 = 1

	##ENGINEERING##
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	radio = 1
	radio_detection = 1
	decimetric_radar = 1
	centimetric_radar = 1
	mechanical_computing = 1
	computing_machine = 1
	basic_encryption = 1
	basic_decryption = 1
	improved_computing_machine = 1
	improved_encryption = 1
	improved_decryption = 1
	computing_machine_1950 = 1
	computing_machine_1960 = 1
	jet_engines = 1
	jet_engines_bombers = 1
	improved_jet_engines_bombers_1 = 1
	
	##INDUSTRY##
	ww2_line_production = 1
	mass_production_1 = 1
	mass_production_2 = 1
	building_construction_1 = 1
	consumer_goods_reduction_1 = 1
	
	oil_processing = 1
	rubber_processing = 1
	energy_technology_1 = 1
	social_construction_1 = 1
	resource_extraction_methods = 1
	excavation0 = 1
	administration_construction_1 = 1
	excavation1 = 1
	military_construction_1 = 1
	prison_construction_1 = 1
}

# NSB tech #

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		IFV_1945 = 1
		MBT_1945 = 1
		APC_1945 = 1

		APC_1950 = 1
		APC_1950_basic_turret = 1
		APC_1950_basic_armor = 1
		APC_1960 = 1

		IFV_1950 = 1
		IFV_1950_basic_turret = 1
		IFV_1950_basic_armor = 1
		IFV_1960 = 1
		
		MBT_1950 = 1
		MBT_1950_basic_turret = 1
		MBT_1950_basic_armor = 1
		MBT_1960 = 1

		AC_1945 = 1
		AC_1950 = 1
		AC_1960 = 1

		Heavy_1945 = 1
		Heavy_1950 = 1
		Superheavy_1945 = 1
		
		antiair_1945 = 1
		antiair_1950 = 1
		SPAA_1950 = 1
		artillery_1945 = 1
		artillery_1950 = 1
		artillery_1950_soft_attack = 1
		SPART_1950 = 1
		SPART_1950_soft_attack = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		NSB_APC_1945 = 1
		NSB_APC_1950 = 1
		#
		#
		NSB_APC_1960 = 1
		NSB_IFV_1945 = 1
		NSB_IFV_1945_modules_1 = 1
		NSB_IFV_1945_modules_2 = 1
		NSB_IFV_1950 = 1
		NSB_IFV_1950_modules_1 = 1
		NSB_IFV_1950_modules_2 = 1
		NSB_IFV_1960 = 1
		NSB_MBT_1945 = 1
		NSB_MBT_1945_modules_1 = 1
		NSB_MBT_1945_modules_2 = 1
		NSB_MBT_1950 = 1
		NSB_MBT_1950_modules_1 = 1
		NSB_MBT_1950_modules_2 = 1
		NSB_MBT_1960 = 1
		NSB_Armour_1 = 1
		NSB_Armour_2 = 1
		NSB_Engine_1 = 1
		NSB_Engine_2 = 1

		NSB_AC_1945 = 1
		NSB_AC_1950 = 1
		NSB_AC_1960 = 1

		NSB_heavy_1945 = 1
		NSB_heavy_1950 = 1
		NSB_superheavy_1945 = 1

		NSB_artillery_1945 = 1
		NSB_artillery_1950 = 1
		NSB_artillery_MODULE = 1
		NSB_artillery_1950_SA = 1

		NSB_antiair_1945 = 1
		NSB_antiair_1950 = 1
		NSB_antiair_MODULE = 1
		NSB_antiair_1950_AA = 1
	}
}

#MtG Naval Tech
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		improved_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		improved_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		improved_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		mtg_landing_craft = 1
		early_ship_hull_very_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_very_light = 1
		improved_ship_hull_very_light = 1
		smoke_generator = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		sonar = 1
		early_ship_hull_more_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_more_light = 1
		improved_ship_hull_more_light = 1
		improved_depth_charges = 1
		advanced_depth_charges = 1
		improved_sonar = 1
		good_sonar = 1
		missile_corvette_1960 = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_heavy_battery = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		improved_secondary_battery = 1
		damage_control_1 = 1
		fire_control_methods_1 = 1
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		improved_submarine_mine_laying = 1
		improved_naval_mines = 1
		degaussing = 1
		improved_ship_torpedo_launcher = 1
		magnetic_detonator = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		coastal_defense_ships = 1
	}
}
#Non-MtG Naval Tech
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		ww2_frigate = 1
		basic_frigate = 1
		improved_frigate = 1
		ww2_destroyer = 1
		basic_destroyer = 1
		improved_destroyer = 1
		ww2_cruiser = 1
		basic_cruiser = 1
		improved_cruiser = 1
		ww2_submarine = 1
		basic_submarine = 1
		improved_submarine = 1
		transport = 1
		landing_craft = 1
	}
}

### VARIANTS ###
# 1936 Start #
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Turunmaa Class"
		type = destroyer_3
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Gnevnyy Class"
		type = destroyer_1
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Vaasa Class"
		type = frigate_2
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Nahkiainen Class"
		type = destroyer_2
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Väinämöinen Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Vetehis Class"
		type = submarine_1
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Series XIV K-Class"
		type = submarine_1
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Series X Shchuka"
		type = submarine_1
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "S50-Class"
		type = submarine_2
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "S60-Class"
		type = submarine_3
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	# Submarines #
	# Domestically developed
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Vetehis Class"								
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_sub
		}
	}
	# Salvaged from the Soviet Union
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Series X Shchuka"				
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
		}
	}
	# Salvaged from the Soviet Union
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Series XIV K-Class"				
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
		}
	}
	#Type-XV U-Boats purchased from Germany
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "S50-Class"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_2
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
		}
	}
	# Type-401 U-Boats purchased from Germany.
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "S60-Class"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_3
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_3
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_3
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_3
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_radar_1
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_3
		}
	}

	# Corvettes #
	# Domestically-developed
	create_equipment_variant = { #Note - none of these at start, the first one is only finished in 1963.
		name = "Turunmaa Class"
		type = ship_hull_very_light_3
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_3
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = ship_sonar_2
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_2
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_2
		}
	}

	# Frigates
	# Originally Rostock-Class frigates purchased from Germany.
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Vaasa Class"
		type = ship_hull_more_light_2
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = ship_sonar_2
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_3
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_2
		}
	}
	
	# Destroyers #
	# Salvaged from the Soviet Union
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Gnevnyy Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_1
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = ship_radar_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_2
		}
	}
	
	# Purchased from Germany, Zerstoerer 1955.
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Nahkiainen Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = GER_DD_HISTORICAL
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = ship_radar_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_2
		}
	}

	# Heavy Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Väinämöinen Class"				
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_coastal_defense_ship
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_naval_oob = "FIN_1962_naval_mtg"
}
if = {
	limit = { NOT = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_naval_oob = "FIN_1962_naval_legacy"
}


# NSB #
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "BT-43"
		type = APC_chassis_0
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			APC_designation_slot = APC_infantry
			APC_armament_slot = APC_no_weapon
			suspension_type_slot = tank_christie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_welded_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
		}
		
		icon = GFX_FIN_APC_1945_medium
		upgrades = {
			ac_nsb_engine_upgrade = 3
			ac_nsb_armor_upgrade = 1
		}
	}
}