capital = 7

# Vacant
recruit_character = HOL_Generic_Vacant

#country leaders
recruit_character = HOL_arthur_seyssinquart
recruit_character = HOL_henk_feldmeijer
recruit_character = HOL_Heinz_Harmel
recruit_character = HOL_cornelis_van_geelkerken
recruit_character = HOL_barend_biesheuvel
recruit_character = HOL_sieuwert_bruins_slot
recruit_character = HOL_anne_vodeling
recruit_character = HOL_dirk_stikker
recruit_character = HOL_jaap_burger
recruit_character = HOL_henk_lankhorst
recruit_character = HOL_paul_de_groot
recruit_character = HOL_wilhelm_ritterbusch
recruit_character = HOL_sinclair_de_rochemont
recruit_character = HOL_occupational_authorities
recruit_character = HOL_provisional_government

#ministers
recruit_character = HOL_Friedrich_Wimmer
recruit_character = HOL_Hans_Linthorst_Homan
recruit_character = HOL_Hendrik_Koot
recruit_character = HOL_Friedrich_Christiansen
recruit_character = HOL_Jan_De_Quay
recruit_character = HOL_Fritz_Schmidt
recruit_character = HOL_Louis_Einthoven
recruit_character = HOL_Ernst_von_Bonninghausen
recruit_character = HOL_Hans_Fischbock
recruit_character = HOL_Jelle_Zijlstra
recruit_character = HOL_Maarten_Meuldijk
recruit_character = HOL_Robert_van_Genechten
recruit_character = HOL_Daniel_de_Blocq_van_Scheltinga
recruit_character = HOL_Alfred_Haighton
recruit_character = HOL_Ernst_Herman_van_Rappard
recruit_character = HOL_George_Kettmann
recruit_character = HOL_Hanns_Albin_Rauter
recruit_character = HOL_Klaas_Carel_Faber

#unit leaders
recruit_character = HOL_jurgen_wagner
recruit_character = HOL_meinoud_rost_van_tonningen
recruit_character = HOL_joost_van_aalst
recruit_character = HOL_henk_van_beek
recruit_character = HOL_bert_veldkamp


oob = "HOL_1962"

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = national_socialism
	last_election = "1933.4.26"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	communist = 0
	ultranationalism = 0
	socialist = 0
	progressivism = 2
	liberalism = 5

	conservatism = 3
	paternalism = 0
	despotism = 29
	fascism = 28
	national_socialism = 33
}

#econtype
set_variable = { TNO_economy_type = token:Econ_Type_Corporatism }
set_variable = { TNO_economy_subtype = token:Econ_Subtype_Gelenkte_Wirtschaft }

set_research_slots = 4
set_convoys = 150
country_lock_all_division_template = yes

add_ideas = {
	#FACTION
	Pakt_Integrated_Reichskommissariat
	#COUNTRY
	HOL_busy_ports
	HOL_decaying_verzuiling
	HOL_german_economy
	HOL_apathetic_populace
	#CABINET
	HOL_Friedrich_Wimmer_hog
	HOL_Friedrich_Christiansen_sec
	HOL_Fritz_Schmidt_for
	HOL_Hans_Fischbock_eco
	#POLITICAL
	tno_political_parties_one_party_state
	tno_religious_rights_state_atheism
	tno_trade_unions_illegal
	tno_immigration_closed_borders
	tno_slavery_institutionalized
	tno_public_meetings_outlawed
	tno_press_rights_state_press_only
	tno_vote_franchise_no_voting
	#MILITARY
	tno_conscription_broadened_conscription
	tno_military_supervision_kill_em_all
	tno_training_basic_training
	tno_draft_exemptions_none
	#SOCIAL
	tno_health_care_low_income_protections
	tno_education_public_education
	tno_penal_system_harsh_penal_code
	tno_gender_rights_traditional_roles
	tno_security_oppressive_police
	tno_regulations_token_regulations
	#ECONOMIC
	tno_trade_laws_export_focus
	tno_income_taxation_elite_tax_exemptions
	tno_minimum_wage_trinket_minimum_wage
	tno_max_workhours_12_hour_work_day
	tno_pensions_low_pensions
	tno_unemployment_no_subsidies
	#MISC
	tno_pollution_no_controls
	tno_safety_minimal_regulations
	tno_child_labor_illegal
	tno_refugees_banned
	tno_racial_integration_not_applicable
	tno_women_banned
	tno_minorities_oppression
	tno_lgbt_rights_lgbt_outlawed
	##SOCIETAL DEVELOPMENT##
	tno_army_professionalism_professional
	tno_industrial_expertise_experienced
	tno_industrial_equipment_modern
	tno_healthcare_developed
	tno_agriculture_mass_mechanized
	tno_research_facilities_outdated
	tno_academic_base_secondary_schooling
	tno_admin_efficiency_deficient_administrative_systems

}

set_technology = {
	basic_train = 1

	##INFANTRY##
	# infantry_equipment_0 = 1
	infantry_weapons_1 = 1
	night_vision_1 = 1
	
	infantry_kit_1 = 1
	infantry_weapons_2 = 1
	night_vision_2 = 1
	infantry_kit_2 = 1
	infantry_weapons_improvements_mine_1 = 1
	infantry_kit_3 = 1
	infantry_weapons_improvements_ammo_1 = 1
	infantry_weapons_improvements_grenade_1 = 1
	#
	infantry_weapons_3 = 1
	night_vision_3 = 1
	infantry_kit_4 = 1
	infantry_weapons_improvements_mine_2 = 1
	basic_infantry_equipment = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	support_weapons_hmg_1 = 1
	combat_support_equipment_1 = 1
	
	support_weapons_arty_1 = 1
	support_weapons_hmg_2 = 1
	combat_support_equipment_2 = 1
	infantry_at = 1
	infantry_at_upgrade_1 = 1
	#
	
	motorized_infantry = 1
	motorized_rocket_unit = 1
	motorized_infantry_1 = 1
	marines = 1
	#
	tech_special_forces = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	#
	tech_mountaineers2 = 1
	tech_mountaineers3 = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	paratroopers2 = 1
	paratroopers3 = 1

	##SUPPORT##
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	assault_weapons_1 = 1
	tech_engineers2 = 1
	assault_weapons_2 = 1
	tech_engineers3 = 1
	assault_weapons_3 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_recon2 = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_military_police2 = 1
	tech_military_police3 = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_maintenance_company2 = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_field_hospital2 = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	tech_signal_company2 = 1

	##ARMOR##
	IFV_1945 = 1
	MBT_1945 = 1
	APC_1945 = 1

	APC_1950 = 1
	APC_1950_basic_turret = 1
	#APC_1950_basic_engine = 1
	APC_1950_basic_armor = 1
	APC_1960 = 1

	IFV_1950 = 1
	IFV_1950_basic_turret = 1
	IFV_1950_basic_armor = 1
	#IFV_1950_basic_engine = 1
	IFV_1960 = 1
	
	MBT_1950 = 1
	MBT_1950_basic_turret = 1
	#MBT_1950_basic_engine = 1
	MBT_1950_basic_armor = 1
	MBT_1960 = 1

	AC_1945 = 1
	AC_1950 = 1
	AC_1960 = 1

	##ARTY##
	antiair_1945 = 1
	antiair_1950 = 1
	SPAA_1950 = 1
	artillery_1945 = 1
	artillery_1950 = 1
	artillery_1950_soft_attack = 1
	SPART_1950 = 1
	SPART_1950_soft_attack = 1
	#SPART_1950_speed = 1

	##LAND DOCTRINE##
	strategic_theorem = 1

	##NAVAL##
	

	##NAVAL DOCTRINE##

	##HELICOPTERS##
	very_early_helicopter = 1
	early_helicopter = 1
	transport_helicopter_1960 = 1
	attack_helicopter_1960 = 1

	##LIGHT AIR##
	early_fighter = 1
	interceptor_1945 = 1
	interceptor_1950 = 1
	fighter_1945 = 1
	fighter_1950 = 1
	CAS_1945 = 1
	CAS_1950 = 1

	##HEAVY AIR##
	tac_bomber1 = 1
	tac_air_1945 = 1
	tac_air_1950 = 1
	tac_air_1960 = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	heavy_air_1945 = 1
	heavy_air_1950 = 1
	heavy_air_1960 = 1
	transport_air1 = 1
	transport_air_1945 = 1
	transport_air_1950 = 1
	transport_air_1960 = 1

	##ENGINEERING##
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	radio = 1
	radio_detection = 1
	decimetric_radar = 1
	centimetric_radar = 1
	mechanical_computing = 1
	computing_machine = 1
	basic_encryption = 1
	basic_decryption = 1
	improved_computing_machine = 1
	improved_encryption = 1
	improved_decryption = 1
	advanced_computing_machine = 1
	advanced_encryption = 1
	computing_machine_1950 = 1
	computing_machine_1960 = 1
	
	
	
	helicopter_engines = 1
	jet_engines = 1
	jet_engines_bombers = 1
	improved_jet_engines_bombers_1 = 1
	
	
	
	

	##INDUSTRY##
	ww2_line_production = 1
	mass_production_1 = 1
	building_construction_1 = 1
	production_unit_gain_1 = 1
	
	oil_processing = 1
	rubber_processing = 1
	energy_technology_1 = 1
	social_construction_1 = 1
	resource_extraction_methods = 1
	excavation0 = 1
	administration_construction_1 = 1
	excavation1 = 1
	excavation2 = 1
	military_construction_1 = 1
	prison_construction_1 = 1
	batch_production_1 = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		early_ship_hull_very_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_very_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_more_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_more_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		smoke_generator = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		sonar = 1
		improved_sonar = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
		basic_ship_hull_carrier = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		magnetic_detonator = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_heavy_battery = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		damage_control_1 = 1
		fire_control_methods_1 = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
	}
	set_naval_oob = HOL_mtg_navy_1962
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Leipzig-Class"
		type = ship_hull_very_light_2
		name_group = GER_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = ship_sonar_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_2
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Zerstörer 1934A"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = GER_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Gerard-Callenburgh Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = GER_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Zerstörer 1936"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = GER_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_1
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = ship_radar_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "De Zeven Provincien Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = GER_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_2
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = ship_radar_2
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_2
		}
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		ww2_destroyer = 1
		ww2_cruiser = 1
		ww2_battleship = 1
		ww2_submarine = 1
		basic_submarine = 1
		improved_submarine = 1
		transport = 1
	}
	set_naval_oob = HOL_navy_1962
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Zerstörer 1936"
		type = destroyer_1
		name_group = GER_DD_HISTORICAL
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Zerstörer 1934A"
		type = destroyer_1
		name_group = GER_DD_HISTORICAL
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Gerard-Callenburgh Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		name_group = GER_DD_HISTORICAL
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "De Zeven Provincien Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		name = GER_CL_HISTORICAL
	}
}
