capital = 304

# Vacant
recruit_character = PAN_Generic_Vacant




set_stability = 0.34
set_war_support = 0.48

oob = "PAN_1962"
set_technology = { #placeholder, subject to change
	basic_train = 1


		##Infantry##
	infantry_weapons_1 = 1
	night_vision_1 = 1
	
	infantry_kit_1 = 1
	infantry_weapons_2 = 1
	night_vision_2 = 1
	infantry_kit_2 = 1
	infantry_weapons_improvements_mine_1 = 1
	infantry_kit_3 = 1
	infantry_weapons_improvements_ammo_1 = 1
	infantry_weapons_improvements_grenade_1 = 1
	basic_infantry_equipment = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	motorized_infantry = 1

		##Support Companies##
	tech_support = 1
	tech_military_police = 1

		##Armor##
	IFV_1945 = 1
	MBT_1945 = 1
	APC_1950 = 1
	APC_1950_basic_turret = 1
	MBT_1950 = 1
	MBT_1950_basic_turret = 1
	MBT_1950_basic_armor = 1
	AC_1945 = 1

		##Artillery##
	antiair_1945 = 1
	antiair_1950 = 1
	artillery_1945 = 1
	artillery_1950 = 1

		##Light Aircraft##
	early_fighter = 1
	fighter_1945 = 1
	cv_1945_fighter = 1
	CAS_1945 = 1
	cv_1945_CAS = 1

		##Engineering##
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	radio = 1
	radio_detection = 1
	decimetric_radar = 1
	centimetric_radar = 1
	radar_1950 = 1
	mechanical_computing = 1
	computing_machine = 1
	improved_computing_machine = 1
	advanced_computing_machine = 1
	basic_encryption = 1
	improved_encryption = 1
	advanced_encryption = 1
	basic_decryption = 1
	improved_decryption = 1
	advanced_decryption = 1

		##Industry##
	ww2_line_production = 1
	mass_production_1 = 1
	resource_extraction_methods = 1
	excavation0 = 1
	social_construction_1 = 1

}

 set_variable = { trade_opinion_embargo@JAP = 1 }
 set_variable = { trade_opinion_embargo@CHI = 1 }
 set_variable = { trade_opinion_embargo@PHI = 1 }
 set_variable = { trade_opinion_embargo@INS = 1 }
 set_variable = { trade_opinion_embargo@BUR = 1 }
 set_variable = { trade_opinion_embargo@THA = 1 }
 set_variable = { trade_opinion_embargo@CAM = 1 }
 set_variable = { trade_opinion_embargo@LAO = 1 }
 set_variable = { trade_opinion_embargo@VIN = 1 }
 set_variable = { trade_opinion_embargo@GAN = 1 }
 set_variable = { trade_opinion_embargo@GUX = 1 }
 set_variable = { trade_opinion_embargo@MAN = 1 }
 set_variable = { trade_opinion_embargo@SIC = 1 }
 set_variable = { trade_opinion_embargo@GUZ = 1 }
 set_variable = { trade_opinion_embargo@SHX = 1 }
 set_variable = { trade_opinion_embargo@GNG = 1 }
 set_variable = { trade_opinion_embargo@YUN = 1 }
 set_variable = { trade_opinion_embargo@BHU = 1 }

set_variable = { Panamaparty = 21 }
set_variable = { party_stability = 30 }
set_variable = { corruption = 70 }

set_variable = { PS_popularity = 30 }
set_variable = { PP_popularity = 35 }
set_variable = { PLN_popularity = 35 }

set_variable = { PLN_Coalition_Support = 50 }
set_variable = { PR_Coalition_support = 30 }
set_variable = { MLN_Coalition_Support = 40 }

set_variable = { PP_Coalition_Support = 50 }
set_variable = { TPN_Coalition_support = 30 }
set_variable = { CPN_Coalition_Support = 25 }

set_variable = { PS_Coalition_Support = 50 }
set_variable = { PO_Coalition_support = 30 }
set_variable = { PIR_Coalition_Support = 40 }

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = liberalism
	last_election = "1960.5.10"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
	communist = 5
	ultranationalism = 0
	socialist = 10
	progressivism = 15
	liberalism = 25
	national_socialism = 0
	conservatism = 10
	
	paternalism = 25
	despotism = 2.5
	fascism = 7.5
}

recruit_character = PAN_Roberto_Chiari_Ramon
recruit_character = PAN_Aquilino_Boyd
recruit_character = PAN_Panama_Defense_Council
recruit_character = PAN_Jose_de_la_Rosa_Castillo
recruit_character = PAN_Arnulfo_Arias
recruit_character = PAN_Ruben_Batista
recruit_character = PAN_Juan_Galindo
recruit_character = PAN_Boris_Martinez
recruit_character = PAN_Omar_Torrijos
recruit_character = PAN_Jose_Humberto_Ramos
recruit_character = PAN_Ruben_Dario_Paredes
recruit_character = PAN_Jose_Bazan
recruit_character = PAN_Ricardo_Espinosa
recruit_character = PAN_Eric_Devalle
recruit_character = PAN_Bolivar_Vallarino
recruit_character = PAN_Max_Devalle
recruit_character = PAN_Raul_Arango
recruit_character = PAN_Gilberto_Guardia
recruit_character = PAN_Abraham_Stevenson
recruit_character = PAN_Demetrio_Bahas
recruit_character = PAN_Ricardo_Espriella
recruit_character = PAN_Jose_Fabrega
recruit_character = PAN_Manuel_Noriega

add_ideas = {
	#MINISTERS
PAN_Jose_Bazan_hog
PAN_Bolivar_Vallarino_sec
PAN_Ricardo_Espinosa_for
PAN_Eric_Devalle_eco
	#SPIRITS
	#POLITICAL
tno_political_parties_multiparty_system
tno_religious_rights_secularism
tno_trade_unions_all_allowed
tno_immigration_quota_immigration
tno_slavery_penal_labor
tno_public_meetings_allowed
tno_press_rights_free_press
tno_vote_franchise_universal
	#MILITARY
tno_conscription_volunteer_only
tno_military_supervision_rules_of_engagement
tno_training_combat_schooling
tno_draft_exemptions_educational_deferment
	#SOCIAL
tno_health_care_support_for_emergencies
tno_education_public_education
tno_penal_system_harsh_penal_code
tno_gender_rights_women_in_the_workplace
tno_security_regulated_police
tno_regulations_token_regulations
	#ECONOMIC
tno_trade_laws_free_trade
tno_income_taxation_tax_havens
tno_minimum_wage_low_minimum_wage
tno_max_workhours_12_hour_work_day
tno_pensions_trinket_pensions
tno_unemployment_no_subsidies
	#MISC
tno_refugees_vetted_entry
tno_women_military_assistance
tno_racial_integration_integrated_military
tno_safety_minimal_regulations
tno_pollution_few_regulations
tno_lgbt_rights_lgbt_outlawed
tno_minorities_equal_rights
tno_child_labor_illegal
	#SOCIETAL DEVELOPMENT
tno_army_professionalism_cronyism
tno_industrial_expertise_nascent
tno_industrial_equipment_factory_complexes
tno_healthcare_nascent
tno_agriculture_centralized
tno_research_facilities_outdated
tno_academic_base_primary_schooling
tno_admin_efficiency_deficient_administrative_systems
}

set_research_slots = 3

add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = infantry_equipment_2
	amount = 600
	producer = PAN
}

add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = support_equipment_1
	amount = 300
	producer = PAN
}

add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = jet_fighter_equipment_1
	amount = 100
	producer = PAN
}

add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = convoy_1
	amount = 20
	producer = PAN
}


if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = {
			has_dlc = "No Step Back"
		}
	}
	add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
		type = APC_equipment_1
		amount = 150
		producer = USA
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
		type = APC_chassis_1
		amount = 150
		producer = USA
	}
}
