#Focus for The Red Menace
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_theredmenace
	icon = GFX_focus_WRS_the_neighbors
	x = 9
	y = 0
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	allow_branch = {
		has_country_flag = ONG_theredmenace
	}
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_theredmenace"
		add_war_support = 0.10
		add_political_power = 50
	}

}

#Focus for Our Finnish Benefactors
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_ourfinnishbenefactors
	icon = GFX_focus_ONG_finnish_benefactors
	x = -2
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_theredmenace
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_theredmenace }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_ourfinnishbenefactors"
		FIN = {
			set_temp_variable = { temp_econ_spending_amount = 0.05 }
			econ_spend_money_once_effect_raw_money = yes
		}
		set_temp_variable = { money_reserves_temp = 0.05 }
		econ_money_reserves_change_raw_money = yes
	}

}


#Focus for Guarantee Stability
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_guaranteestability
	icon = GFX_focus_generic_military_contacts
	x = 2
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_theredmenace
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_theredmenace }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_guaranteestability"
		add_stability = 0.10
		add_war_support = 0.05
	}

}

#Focus for Watch The Citizens
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_watchthecitizens
	icon = GFX_focus_generic_statistics
	x = -1
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_ourfinnishbenefactors
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_ourfinnishbenefactors }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_watchthecitizens"
		tno_security_improve = yes
		TNO_improve_security_policy_effectiveness_med = yes
	}

}


#Focus for Watch The Border
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_watchtheborder
	icon = GFX_focus_generic_army_officers
	x = 1
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_ourfinnishbenefactors
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_ourfinnishbenefactors }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_watchtheborder"
		add_war_support = 0.05

		add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
			type = infantry_equipment
			amount = 500
			producer = FIN
		}
		add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
			type = support_equipment
			amount = 20
			producer = FIN
		}
		add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
			type = anti_tank_equipment
			amount = 75
			producer = FIN
		}
	}
}


#Focus for Root Out The Bandits
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_rootoutthebandits
	icon = GFX_focus_generic_new_training_programs
	x = -1
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_guaranteestability
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_guaranteestability }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_rootoutthebandits"

		add_war_support = 0.05
		custom_effect_tooltip = onega_bandit_tt
		set_country_flag = ONG_deal_with_bandits
	}
}




#Focus for Promise Them Democracy
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_promisethemdemocracy
	icon = GFX_focus_generic_democracy_saved
	x = 1
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_guaranteestability
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_guaranteestability }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_promisethemdemocracy"
		add_stability = 0.05
		add_political_power = 50
	}
}


#Focus for Expand Civil Engineering
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_expandcivilengineering
	icon = GFX_focus_generic_modern_construction_equipment_yellow
	x = 0
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_watchthecitizens
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_watchthecitizens }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_expandcivilengineering"
		add_ideas = {
			ONG_civil_engineering
		}
		set_temp_variable = { debt_temp = 0.035 }
		econ_national_debt_change = yes
	}
}

#Focus for Fortify Kargopol
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_fortifykargopol
	icon = GFX_focus_generic_might_of_the_rivers
	x = -1
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_expandcivilengineering
	cost = 2
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_expandcivilengineering }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_fortifykargopol"
		set_temp_variable = { temp_econ_spending_amount = 0.02 }
		econ_spend_money_once_effect_raw_money = yes
		859 = {
			add_building_construction = {
				type = bunker
				province = 11071
				level = 3
			}
		}
		add_manpower = 7000
	}
}

#Focus for Defend the River
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_defendtheriver
	icon = GFX_focus_generic_communist_navy
	x = -1
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_fortifykargopol
	cost = 2
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_fortifykargopol }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_defendtheriver"
		set_temp_variable = { temp_econ_spending_amount = 0.015 }
		econ_spend_money_once_effect_raw_money = yes
		859 = {
			add_building_construction = {
				type = bunker
				province = 6051
				level = 1
			}
			add_building_construction = {
				type = bunker
				province = 3092
				level = 1
			}
			add_building_construction = {
				type = bunker
				province = 140
				level = 1
			}
			add_building_construction = {
				type = bunker
				province = 3031
				level = 1
			}
			add_building_construction = {
				type = bunker
				province = 11071
				level = 1
			}
			add_building_construction = {
				type = bunker
				province = 6034
				level = 1
			}
		}
		add_manpower = 7000
	}
}


#Focus for We Are Freedom
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_wearefreedom
	icon = GFX_focus_generic_foreign_instructors
	x = -1
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_rootoutthebandits
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_rootoutthebandits }
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_watchtheborder }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_wearefreedom"
		add_popularity = {
			ideology = despotism
			popularity = 0.05
		}
		add_stability = 0.05
		add_war_support = 0.10
	}
}


#Focus for Remove The Radicals
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_removetheradicals
	icon = GFX_focus_USA_detain_leaders
	x = 0
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_promisethemdemocracy
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_promisethemdemocracy }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_removetheradicals"
		add_popularity = {
			ideology = despotism
			popularity = 0.05
		}
		custom_effect_tooltip = onega_radicals_tt
		set_country_flag = ONG_deal_with_radicals
	}
}

#Focus for Fortigy Onega (City)
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_fortifyonega
	icon = GFX_focus_generic_fortify_the_border
	x = 1
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_removetheradicals
	cost = 2
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_removetheradicals }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_fortifyonega"
		set_temp_variable = { temp_econ_spending_amount = 0.008 }
		econ_spend_money_once_effect_raw_money = yes
		859 = {
			add_building_construction = {
				type = bunker
				province = 3092
				level = 3
			}
		}
		add_manpower = 7000
	}
}

#Focus for Anti - Air
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_antiair
	icon = GFX_focus_generic_the_airforce
	x = 1
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_fortifyonega
	cost = 2
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_fortifyonega }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_antiair"
		858 = {
			add_building_construction = {
				type = anti_air_building
				level = 1
				instant_build = yes
			}
		}
		859 = {
			add_building_construction = {
				type = anti_air_building
				level = 1
				instant_build = yes
			}
		}
		1887 = {
			add_building_construction = {
				type = anti_air_building
				level = 1
				instant_build = yes
			}
		}
		add_manpower = 5000
	}
}



#Focus for The Ending Struggle
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_theendingstruggle
	icon = GFX_focus_generic_army_focus_red
	x = -3
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_removetheradicals
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_removetheradicals }
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_wearefreedom }
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_expandcivilengineering }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_theendingstruggle"
		add_manpower = 12000
		army_experience = 25
		add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
			type = infantry_equipment
			amount = 500
			producer = ONG
		}
	}
}


#Focus for The Anti-Communist Guard
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_theanticommunistguard
	icon = GFX_focus_generic_force_weaponry_integration
	x = 0
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_theendingstruggle
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_theendingstruggle }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_theanticommunistguard"
		add_war_support = 0.05
		if = {
			limit = {
				WRS = {
					exists = yes
				}
			}
			custom_effect_tooltip = onega_guard_tt
			set_country_flag = ONG_anti_commie_guard
		}
	}
}


#Focus for Breaking the Ice
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_breakingtheice
	icon = GFX_focus_MAG_the_siberian_school
	x = 2
	y = 2
	relative_position_id = ONG_theendingstruggle
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_theendingstruggle }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_breakingtheice"
		add_political_power = 50
		custom_effect_tooltip = onega_supply_tt
	}
}


#Focus for Welcome the Karelians
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_welcomethekarelians
	icon = GFX_focus_generic_conscript_natives
	x = 3
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_theendingstruggle
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	available = {
		has_completed_focus = ONG_securetherailroad
	}
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_theendingstruggle }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_welcomethekarelians"
		859 = {
			add_manpower = 5200
		}
		858 = {
			add_manpower = 4300
		}
		1887 = {
			add_manpower = 4300
		}
		swap_ideas = {
			remove_idea = ONG_karelian_resettlement_zone_1
			add_idea = ONG_karelian_resettlement_zone_2
		}
		random_list = {
			10 = {
				country_event = { id = ONG.14 days = 35 }
			}
			10 = {
				country_event = { id = ONG.13 days = 35 }
			}
			10 = {
				country_event = { id = ONG.12 days = 35 }
			}
			10 = {
				country_event = { id = ONG.11 days = 35 }
			}
		}
	}
}

#Focus for Secure the Railroad
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_securetherailroad
	icon = GFX_focus_BRG_the_trains_are_early
	x = 0
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_theanticommunistguard
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_theanticommunistguard }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_securetherailroad"
		add_manpower = 600
		add_tech_bonus = {
			name = train_tech
			bonus = 0.5
			uses = 1
			category = train_tech
		}
		add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
			type = infantry_equipment
			amount = 250
			producer = ONG
		}
		custom_effect_tooltip = onega_rr_tt
	}
}


#Focus for Finnish Advisors
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_finnishadvisors
	icon = GFX_focus_ONG_finnish_advisors
	x = -2
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_theendingstruggle
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_theendingstruggle }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_finnishadvisors"
		army_experience = 25
		TNO_improve_training_policy_effectiveness_low = yes
		add_doctrine_cost_reduction = {
			name = land_doc_bonus
			cost_reduction = 0.75
			uses = 2
			category = land_doctrine
		}
	}
}



#Focus for Finnish Industrial Aide
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_finnishindustrialaid
	icon = GFX_focus_ONG_finnish_industry
	x = 0
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_finnishadvisors
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_finnishadvisors }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_finnishindustrialaid"
		add_to_variable = { ONG_extra_pus_variable = 1 }
		add_tech_bonus = {
			name = industry
			bonus = 1
			uses = 2
			category = industry
		}
		swap_ideas = {
			remove_idea = ONG_finland_dependence_low
			add_idea = ONG_finland_dependence_medium
		}
		custom_effect_tooltip = ONG_finnish_industrial_aid_tt
	}
}

#Focus for Finnish Freedom Fliers
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_finnishfreedomfliers
	icon = GFX_focus_ONG_finnish_air_support
	x = -2
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_finnishadvisors
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_finnishadvisors }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_finnishfreedomfliers"
		air_experience = 25
		859 = {
			add_extra_state_shared_building_slots = 1
			add_building_construction = {
				type = air_base
				level = 2
				instant_build = yes
			}
		}
		add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
			type = fighter_equipment_1
			amount = 400
			producer = GER
		}
		add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
			type = CAS_equipment_1
			amount = 250
			producer = GER
		}
		add_manpower = 300
		add_tech_bonus = {
			name = fighter
			bonus = 0.5
			uses = 1
			category = fighter
		}
		add_tech_bonus = {
			name = cas
			bonus = 0.5
			uses = 1
			category = cas
		}
	}
}


#Focus for Last Line of Defense
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_lastlineofdefense
	icon = GFX_focus_generic_reinforce_frontier
	x = 1
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_finnishfreedomfliers
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_finnishfreedomfliers }
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_finnishindustrialaid }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_lastlineofdefense"
		custom_effect_tooltip = onega_redemption_tt
			859 = {
				add_building_construction = {
					type = bunker
					province = 3092
					level = 1
				}
				add_building_construction = {
					type = bunker
					province = 140
					level = 1
				}
				add_building_construction = {
					type = bunker
					province = 6051
					level = 1
				}
				add_building_construction = {
					type = bunker
					province = 3031
					level = 1
				}
				add_building_construction = {
					type = bunker
					province = 11071
					level = 1
				}
				add_building_construction = {
					type = bunker
					province = 6034
					level = 1
				}
			}
			set_temp_variable = { debt_temp = 0.01 }
			econ_national_debt_change = yes
	}
}


#Focus for Exploit Their Factionalism
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_exploittheirfactionalism
	icon = GFX_focus_RUS_legacy_of_the_union
	x = -1
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_finnishfreedomfliers
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_finnishfreedomfliers }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	available = {
		WRS = {
			exists = yes
		}
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_exploittheirfactionalism"
		custom_effect_tooltip = onega_communal_industries_tt
		set_country_flag = ONG_communal_industries
		TNO_improve_poverty_med = yes
	}
}


#Focus for Probe Their Line
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_probetheirline
	icon = GFX_focus_generic_watch_their_troops
	x = -1
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_securetherailroad
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_securetherailroad }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_probetheirline"
		add_war_support = 0.05
		TNO_improve_security_policy_effectiveness_high = yes
	}
}

#Focus for Prepare the Redoubts
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_preparetheredoubts
	icon = GFX_focus_generic_redoubt_preperations
	x = 1
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_securetherailroad
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_securetherailroad }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_preparetheredoubts"
		add_war_support = 0.05
		custom_effect_tooltip = onega_redoubt_tt
		hidden_effect = {
			859 = {
				add_building_construction = {
					type = bunker
					province = 6034
					level = 1
				}
				add_building_construction = {
					type = bunker
					province = 11071
					level = 1
				}
				add_building_construction = {
					type = bunker
					province = 11178
					level = 1
				}
				add_building_construction = {
					type = bunker
					province = 138
					level = 1
				}
				add_building_construction = {
					type = bunker
					province = 127
					level = 1
				}
			}
			858 = {
				add_building_construction = {
					type = bunker
					province = 11103
					level = 1
				}
				add_building_construction = {
					type = bunker
					province = 11036
					level = 1
				}
				add_building_construction = {
					type = bunker
					province = 89
					level = 1
				}
				add_building_construction = {
					type = bunker
					province = 6109
					level = 1
				}
			}
		}
	}
}

#Focus for Bolster the Civil Guard
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_bolsterthecivilguard
	icon = GFX_focus_generic_quantity_recruitment
	x = 1
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_probetheirline
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_probetheirline }
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_preparetheredoubts }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_bolsterthecivilguard"
		add_manpower = 5000
		add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
			type = infantry_equipment
			amount = 250
			producer = ONG
		}
		army_funding_minimal_set_position_7 = yes
		army_funding_maximal_set_position_15 = yes
		hidden_effect = {
			859 = {
				add_building_construction = {
					type = bunker
					province = 3092
					level = 1
				}
			}
			858 = {
				add_building_construction = {
					type = bunker
					province = 166
					level = 1
				}
			}
		}
		custom_effect_tooltip = onega_cg_tt
	}
}


#Focus for Ensure Supply Lines
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_ensuresupplylines
	icon = GFX_focus_generic_back_of_the_truck
	x = 1
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_breakingtheice
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_breakingtheice }
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_welcomethekarelians }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_ensuresupplylines"
		add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
			type = infantry_equipment
			amount = 350
			producer = ONG
		}
		add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
			type = motorized_equipment
			amount = 40
			producer = FIN
		}
		custom_effect_tooltip = onega_draft_tt
	}
}


#Focus for Find Them Work
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_findthemwork
	icon = GFX_focus_generic_change_law_minorities
	x = 2
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_welcomethekarelians
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_welcomethekarelians }
	available = {
		has_completed_focus = ONG_securetherailroad
	}
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_findthemwork"
		859 = {
			add_manpower = 7800
		}
		858 = {
			add_manpower = 6450
		}
		1887 = {
			add_manpower = 6450
		}
		TNO_improve_poverty_med = yes
		add_to_variable = { ONG_extra_pus_variable = 1 }
		custom_effect_tooltip = ONG_findthemwork_tt
	}
}



#Focus for Find Them Homes
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_findthemhomes
	icon = GFX_focus_generic_change_law_property
	x = 0
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_findthemwork
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	available = {
		has_completed_focus = ONG_securetherailroad
	}
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_findthemwork }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_findthemhomes"
		859 = {
			add_manpower = 10400
		}
		858 = {
			add_manpower = 8600
		}
		1887 = {
			add_manpower = 8600
		}
		859 = {
			set_temp_variable = { state_value_multiplier_temp = 1.02 }
			econ_state_value_change_multiply_specified_state = yes
		}
		858 = {
			set_temp_variable = { state_value_multiplier_temp = 1.02 }
			econ_state_value_change_multiply_specified_state = yes
		}
		1887 = {
			set_temp_variable = { state_value_multiplier_temp = 1.02 }
			econ_state_value_change_multiply_specified_state = yes
		}
		swap_ideas = {
			remove_idea = ONG_karelian_resettlement_zone_2
			add_idea = ONG_karelian_resettlement_zone_3
		}
		TNO_improve_poverty_med = yes
	}
}


#Focus for Our Righteous Struggle
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_ourrighteousstruggle
	icon = GFX_focus_generic_general_recruitment
	x = 1
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_lastlineofdefense
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_lastlineofdefense }
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_probetheirline }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_ourrighteousstruggle"
		add_war_support = 0.05
		swap_ideas = {
			remove_idea = ONG_volunteer_guard_1
			add_idea = ONG_volunteer_guard_2
		}
	}
}

#Focus for Lay the Mines
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_laythemines
	icon = GFX_focus_MGN_svv
	x = 1
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_preparetheredoubts
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_preparetheredoubts }
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_ensuresupplylines }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_laythemines"
		add_ideas = {
			ONG_mines
		}
		add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
			type = support_equipment
			amount = 35
			producer = FIN
		}
	}
}

#Focus for Destroy them All
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_destroythemall
	icon = GFX_focus_generic_let_them_come
	x = -2
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_laythemines
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_laythemines }
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_ourrighteousstruggle }
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_bolsterthecivilguard }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	available = {
		has_war = yes
		has_completed_focus = ONG_findthemhomes
	}
	bypass = {
		owns_state = 214
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_destroythemall"
		add_war_support = 0.05
		add_tech_bonus = {
			name = infantry_weapons
			bonus = 0.3
			uses = 1
			category = infantry_weapons
		}
		swap_ideas = {
			remove_idea = ONG_finland_dependence_medium
			add_idea = ONG_finland_dependence_high
		}
	}
}

#Focus for It is an Obligation
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_itisanobligation
	icon = GFX_focus_generic_global_anti_communism
	x = 0
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_destroythemall
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_destroythemall }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	available = {
		has_war = yes
	}
	bypass = {
		owns_state = 214
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_itisanobligation"
		add_timed_idea = {
			idea = ONG_obligation
			days = 120
		}
		add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
			type = anti_tank_equipment_1
			amount = 300
			producer = ONG
		}
	}
}


#Focus for The Victory
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_thevictory
	icon = GFX_focus_generic_global_anti_communism
	x = 0
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_itisanobligation
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_itisanobligation }
	available = {
		has_war = no
	}
	allow_branch = {
		has_country_flag = ONG_thevictory
	}
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_thevictory"
		set_capital = { state = 214 }
		add_ideas = ONG_red_unrest
		remove_ideas = ONG_mines
		hidden_effect = {
			country_event = { id = ONG.1 days = 1 }
		}
	}
}

#Focus for We're Going to Have to Act
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_weregoingtohavetoact
	icon = GFX_focus_generic_liberty
	x = 1
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_thevictory
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_thevictory }
	available = {
		has_war = no
		has_idea = ONG_bandits_4
	}
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_weregoingtohavetoact"
		remove_ideas = ONG_bandits_4
		clr_country_flag = ONG_deal_with_bandits

	}
}

#Focus for If We Want to Live in a Different World
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_ifwewanttoliveinadifferentworld
	icon = GFX_focus_generic_remote_steppe
	x = -1
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_thevictory
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_thevictory }
	available = {
		has_war = no
		has_idea = ONG_politics_4
	}
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_ifwewanttoliveinadifferentworld"
		remove_ideas = ONG_politics_4
		clr_country_flag = ONG_deal_with_radicals
	}
}

#Focus for Kirpichnikov's Promise
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_kirpichnikovspromise
	icon = GFX_focus_generic_conservative_constitution
	x = -5
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_weregoingtohavetoact
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_ifwewanttoliveinadifferentworld }
	available = {
		has_war = no
	}
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_kirpichnikovspromise"
		add_country_leader_role = {
			character = ONG_Vladimir_Kirpichnikov
			promote_leader = yes
			country_leader = {
				desc = "POLITICS_VLADIMIR_KIRPICHNIKOV_CIVILIAN_DESC"
				expire = "1999.1.1"
				ideology = conservatism_paternalistic_conservatism_subtype
				traits = {
				}
				id = -1
			}
		}
		set_country_leader_portrait = { portrait = "gfx/leaders/ONG/Portrait_Onega_Vladimir_Kirpichnikov_Civilian.dds" }
		hidden_effect = {
			add_popularity = {
				ideology = conservatism
				popularity = 0.45
			}
			add_popularity = {
				ideology = progressivism
				popularity = 0.10
			}
			add_popularity = {
				ideology = liberalism
				popularity = 0.10
			}
			set_party_name = {
				ideology = progressivism
				long_name = ONG_unity_progressivism_party_long
				name = ONG_unity_progressivism_party
			}
			set_party_name = {
				ideology = paternalism
				long_name = ONG_unity_paternalism_party_long
				name = ONG_unity_paternalism_party
			}
		}
		add_stability = 0.10
	}
}

#Focus for Ease the Surveilance
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_easethesurveilance
	icon = GFX_focus_generic_our_duty_to_the_people
	x = -3
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_kirpichnikovspromise
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_kirpichnikovspromise }
	available = {
		has_war = no
	}
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_easethesurveilance"
		add_ideas = {
			tno_public_meetings_allowed
			tno_trade_unions_nonsocialist_allowed
		}
		tno_security_worsen = yes
		TNO_improve_trade_unions_policy_effectiveness_low = yes
		TNO_improve_public_meetings_policy_effectiveness_med = yes
		add_stability = 0.05
	}
}

#Focus for Free the Press
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_freethepress
	icon = GFX_focus_generic_limited_press_liberalization
	x = 0
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_easethesurveilance
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_easethesurveilance }
	available = {
		has_war = no
	}
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_freethepress"
		add_ideas = tno_press_rights_free_press
		TNO_improve_press_rights_policy_effectiveness_med = yes
		TNO_improve_academic_base_low = yes
		add_stability = 0.05
		add_research_slot = 1
	}
}

#Focus for North Russian Elections
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_northrussianelections
	icon = GFX_focus_generic_elections_1
	x = 0
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_freethepress
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_freethepress }
	available = {
		has_war = no
	}
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_northrussianelections"
		country_event = { days = 1 id = ONG.18 }
		add_ideas = {
			tno_political_parties_controlled_opposition
			tno_vote_franchise_registered_voting
		}
		TNO_improve_vote_franchise_policy_effectiveness_low = yes
		TNO_improve_political_parties_policy_effectiveness_low = yes
	}
}

#Focus for The Communist Threat
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_thecommunistthreat
	icon = GFX_focus_generic_massacare_the_reds
	x = -1
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_kirpichnikovspromise
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_kirpichnikovspromise }
	available = {
		has_war = no
	}
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_thecommunistthreat"
		add_popularity = {
			ideology = communist
			popularity = -0.05
		}
		add_popularity = {
			ideology = socialist
			popularity = -0.05
		}
		add_stability = 0.025
		add_political_power = 75
	}
}

shared_focus = { #socialistdeterrent
	id = ONG_socialistdeterrent
	icon = GFX_focus_generic_social_liberalization
	x = 1
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_thecommunistthreat
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_thecommunistthreat }
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_themonarchistthreat }
	available = {
		has_war = no
	}
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_socialistdeterrent"
		TNO_improve_poverty_med = yes
		tno_regulations_improve = yes
		add_ideas = {
			tno_safety_limited_regulations
			tno_health_care_low_income_protections
			tno_education_subsidised_higher_education
		}
		TNO_improve_regulations_policy_effectiveness_low = yes
		add_stability = 0.025
		add_political_power = 75
	}
}

shared_focus = { #rights laws
	id = ONG_equalrights
	icon = GFX_focus_generic_bill_of_rights
	x = 0
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_socialistdeterrent
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_socialistdeterrent }
	available = {
		has_war = no
	}
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_equalrights"
		add_ideas = {
			tno_minorities_segregation
			tno_gender_rights_women_in_the_workplace
		}
		TNO_improve_gender_rights_policy_effectiveness_med = yes
		add_stability = 0.025
		add_political_power = 75
	}
}

#Focus for The Fascist Threat
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_thefascistthreat
	icon = GFX_focus_generic_crush_the_fascist_militia
	x = 1
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_kirpichnikovspromise
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_kirpichnikovspromise }
	available = {
		has_war = no
	}
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_thefascistthreat"
		add_popularity = {
			ideology = fascism
			popularity = -0.05
		}
		add_popularity = {
			ideology = national_socialism
			popularity = -0.05
		}
		add_stability = 0.025
		add_political_power = 75
	}
}

#Focus for Russian Republicanism
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_russianrepublicanism
	icon = GFX_focus_generic_republican_movement
	x = 1
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_thefascistthreat
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_thefascistthreat }
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_themonarchistthreat }
	available = {
		has_war = no
	}
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_russianrepublicanism"
		hidden_effect = {
			add_popularity = {
				ideology = progressivism
				popularity = 0.05
			}
			add_popularity = {
				ideology = liberalism
				popularity = 0.05
			}
			add_popularity = {
				ideology = paternalism
				popularity = 0.05
			}
		}
		add_stability = 0.025
		add_political_power = 75
		add_ideas = ONG_russian_republicanism_1
	}
}

#Focus for Russian Modernization
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_russianmodernization
	icon = GFX_focus_generic_modernize_the_infrastructures
	x = 1
	y = 2
	relative_position_id = ONG_thefascistthreat
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_russianrepublicanism }
	available = {
		has_war = no
	}
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_russianmodernization"
		custom_effect_tooltip = ONG_modernization_tt
		set_country_flag = ONG_modernization
		TNO_improve_poverty_high = yes
		add_to_variable = { ONG_extra_pus_variable = 1 }
		set_temp_variable = { debt_temp = 0.1 }
		econ_national_debt_change = yes
	}
}

#Focus for The Monarchist Threat
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_themonarchistthreat
	icon = GFX_focus_generic_annihilate_the_royalists
	x = 3
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_kirpichnikovspromise
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_kirpichnikovspromise }
	available = {
		has_war = no
	}
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_themonarchistthreat"
		add_popularity = {
			ideology = despotism
			popularity = -0.05
		}
		add_stability = 0.025
		add_political_power = 75
	}
}

#A Free Republic
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_afreerepublic
	icon = GFX_focus_generic_compensation_for_the_people
	x = 0
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_equalrights
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_equalrights }
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_russianmodernization }
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_northrussianelections }
	available = {
		has_war = no
	}
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_afreerepublic"
		swap_ideas = {
			remove_idea = ONG_russian_republicanism_1
			add_idea = ONG_russian_republicanism_2
		}
	}
}

#Focus for Disband the Guard
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_disbandtheguard
	icon = GFX_focus_generic_new_model_army
	x = 4
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_weregoingtohavetoact
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_weregoingtohavetoact }
	available = {
		has_war = no
	}
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_disbandtheguard"
		if = {
			limit = {
				has_idea = ONG_volunteer_guard_3
			}
			swap_ideas = {
			remove_idea = ONG_volunteer_guard_3
			add_idea = ONG_armed_forces
			}
		}
		if = {
			limit = {
				has_idea = ONG_volunteer_guard_2
			}
			swap_ideas = {
			remove_idea = ONG_volunteer_guard_2
			add_idea = ONG_armed_forces
			}
		}
		if = {
			limit = {
				has_idea = ONG_volunteer_guard_1
			}
			swap_ideas = {
			remove_idea = ONG_volunteer_guard_1
			add_idea = ONG_armed_forces
			}
		}
		remove_ideas = ONG_finland_dependence_high

		add_manpower = 20000
		tno_conscription_improve = yes
		army_funding_minimal_set_position_3 = yes
		army_funding_maximal_set_position_10 = yes
	}
}

#Focus for foreign policy
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_foreignpolicy
	icon = GFX_focus_RUS_rally_the_russians
	x = -4
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_disbandtheguard
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	available = {
		has_war = no
		has_completed_focus = ONG_pacifykotlas
		has_completed_focus = ONG_pacifyukhta
	}
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_disbandtheguard }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_foreignpolicy"
		GOR = {
			give_military_access = ONG
		}
		TAR = {
			give_military_access = ONG
		}
		VYT = {
			give_military_access = ONG
		}
		PRM = {
			give_military_access = ONG
		}
		SAM = {
			give_military_access = ONG
		}
		BKR = {
			give_military_access = ONG
		}
		GAY = {
			give_military_access = ONG
		}
		VOL = {
			give_military_access = ONG
		}
	}
}

#Focus for guarantees
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_guarantees
	icon = GFX_focus_RUS_proud_russian_army
	x = 0
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_foreignpolicy
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	available = {
		has_war = no
	}
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_foreignpolicy }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_guarantees"
		diplomatic_relation = {
			country = GOR
			relation = guarantee
			active = yes
		}
		diplomatic_relation = {
			country = VYT
			relation = guarantee
			active = yes
		}
		diplomatic_relation = {
			country = PRM
			relation = guarantee
			active = yes
		}
		diplomatic_relation = {
			country = TAR
			relation = guarantee
			active = yes
		}
		diplomatic_relation = {
			country = GAY
			relation = guarantee
			active = yes
		}
		diplomatic_relation = {
			country = BKR
			relation = guarantee
			active = yes
		}
		diplomatic_relation = {
			country = SAM
			relation = guarantee
			active = yes
		}
		diplomatic_relation = {
			country = VOL
			relation = guarantee
			active = yes
		}
	}
}

#Focus for faction
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_defensepact
	icon = GFX_focus_RUS_friends_in_russia
	x = 0
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_guarantees
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	available = {
		has_war = no
	}
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_guarantees }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_defensepact"
		set_rule = {
			can_create_factions = yes
		}
		create_faction = West_Russian_Defense_Pact
		custom_effect_tooltip = ONG_faction_tt
		set_country_flag = ONG_faction
	}
}

#Focus for pacify Vologda
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_pacifyvologda
	icon = GFX_focus_RUS_diplo_vologda
	x = -2
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_disbandtheguard
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_disbandtheguard }
	available = {
		has_war = no
	}
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_pacifyvologda"
		RUS_decrease_administrative_strain = yes
		add_state_core = 857
		add_state_core = 351
		add_state_core = 856
	}
}

#Focus for pacify Komi
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_pacifykomi
	icon = GFX_focus_RUS_map_komi
	x = 0
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_disbandtheguard
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_disbandtheguard }
	available = {
		has_war = no
	}
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_pacifykomi"
		RUS_decrease_administrative_strain = yes
		add_state_core = 867
		add_state_core = 868
		add_state_core = 397
	}
}

#Focus for pacify Ark
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_pacifyark
	icon = GFX_focus_RUS_map_wrrf
	x = 2
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_disbandtheguard
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_disbandtheguard }
	available = {
		has_war = no
	}
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_pacifyark"
		RUS_decrease_administrative_strain = yes
		add_state_core = 214
		add_state_core = 862
	}
}

#Focus for pacify kotlas
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_pacifykotlas
	icon = GFX_focus_generic_smash_communism
	x = -3
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_pacifyark
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_pacifyark }
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_pacifykomi }
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_pacifyvologda }
	available = {
		has_war = no
	}
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_pacifykotlas"
		RUS_decrease_administrative_strain = yes
		add_state_core = 861
		add_state_core = 860
		add_state_core = 870
	}
}

#Focus for pacify ukhta
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_pacifyukhta
	icon = GFX_focus_generic_crowd_cheering
	x = -1
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_pacifyark
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_pacifyark }
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_pacifykomi }
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_pacifyvologda }
	available = {
		has_war = no
	}
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_pacifyukhta"
		RUS_decrease_administrative_strain = yes
		add_state_core = 866
		add_state_core = 869
		add_state_core = 262
	}
}

#Focus for northern russia
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_protector
	icon = GFX_focus_RUS_russian_flag_and_soldier
	x = -1
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_pacifyukhta
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_pacifyukhta }
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_pacifykotlas }
	available = {
		has_war = no
	}
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_protector"
		TNO_improve_army_professionalism_med = yes
		tno_improve_admin_efficiency = yes
		TNO_improve_admin_efficiency_med = yes
		remove_ideas = ONG_red_unrest
	}
}
#A Strong Republic
shared_focus = {
	id = ONG_astrongrepublic
	icon = GFX_focus_RUS_the_russian_people_deliver_us
	x = -2
	y = 1
	relative_position_id = ONG_protector
	cost = 4
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_defensepact }
	prerequisite = { focus = ONG_protector }
	available = {
		has_war = no
	}
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
	completion_reward = {
		log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetName]: Focus ONG_astrongrepublic"
		TNO_improve_army_professionalism_low = yes
		swap_ideas = {
			remove_idea = ONG_armed_forces
			add_idea = ONG_armed_forces_2
		}
	}
}
#End of focuses
